>> Kyle Simpson: All right, so we've
talked about a variety of improvements
that recently landed
with regular expressions.
So it seems like a great idea for
us to try an exercise, and
practice with each of those three.
In fact, we're gonna go ahead and
pull in a feature from one of our previous
exercises and
previous units of discussion.
We're also gonna use generators.
So you can get more
practice with generators.
All right, so here's the exercise
that you're gonna be doing.
I've given you a poem here that's
split out into these separate lines.
This is The Power of
a Smile by Tupac Shakur.
I've given you this poem, and
what you're going to do with this for
loop that you see here.
This for loop should be printing
out the following messages.
It should be printing out, if you notice
the form of this poem is that there's
a thing, and then the thing that it
can do, and then another thing, and
the thing that it can do.
So you're going to be using
a regular expression to
parse those tuples of values
out of this poem, and
return those as values from
this iterable generator.
So in other words, you're going to make
a powers generator that is going to
use a regular expression
to iterate over this, and
every time it finds a match, it's
going to send that out as a string, so
that this console.log is
printing those messages out.
At the bottom, there's several hints
that will be very useful to you.
Number one, you're going to be setting up
powers as a generator, which refer back
to the iterators and generators exercise,
if you need some refresher on that.
Your iterator,
your generator is going to be looping, but
the loop that it's going to be doing
is essentially a while loop that's
executing a global regular expression.
So I've given you this pattern here,
that if you have a regular expression that
you define, which, that will be up to you.
If you call .exec on it with a string,
it will give you the next match, and
then it will keep giving you
the next match, and the next match,
until it doesn't find anymore
matches in the string.
So it's a way to step through
the matches one at a time, and
that's a feature of global
flagged regular expressions.
You'll also notice here that you're
going to need the .all modes, so
I've already solved part of it for
you, in the regular expression.
You're gonna use the .all mode to be able
to make those matches across the lines.
There are a couple of, there is at least
one place where the match has to span
across a line, where we have the power,
and then we have heal on a second line.
Or I'm sorry, the smile and
then heal on the next line.
So your objective here is to use all three
of the regular expression features that we
just talked about.
Recall that we have look behind
assertions, both positive and negative.
So if you're matching something like
a noun, you need to make some sort
of assertion that it comes immediately
after something, for example.
Like, for example, the word power of,
the phrase power of.
So you're gonna need to use some look
behind assertions to make sure that your
regular expression is
finding the right word.
And then you're also gonna be
capturing some values out, and
you wanna use named capture groups so
that it's easier to tell which thing
you're pulling out of the match.
And then you're using, again,
the .all mode so that you can make
those matches across those new lines.
So that is your exercise.
It will be a little bit challenging,
especially if you haven't done as
much with regular expressions.
If you need to get a little bit of a hint,
feel free to take a look at the solution
file, the ex.fixed file that's included.
We will break for probably about ten
minutes on this one, since it's a little
more challenging to wrap your head around,
and then we'll come back and talk about